README.md, before:

# nike snkrs monitor
This is a lightweight and easy to use script that monitors [nike snkrs](https://www.nike.com/launch/?s=in-stock) for new items and restocks by sizes and posts them to Discord.

# Installation
To use this script you must have [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).

Setup:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/jondekerh/nike-snkrs-monitor.git
$ cd nike-snkrs-monitor
$ npm install
```
After installing dependencies you'll need to rename the `RENAME-discord-info.json` file to just `discord-info.json`. This can be done by typing `mv RENAME-discord-info.json discord-info.json` into the terminal. From there, edit the file and replace the placeholder values with your webhook's ID and token. If you don't know how to get those values you can learn more [here](https://github.com/Akizo96/de.isekaidev.discord.wbbBridge/wiki/How-to-get-Webhook-ID-&-Token).

Running:
```
node monitor.js
```
That's all you need to type. By default it will scan for changes every 5 minutes. This can be changed by editing the value of refreshDelay, found on line 12 of monitor.js. I recommend using [Linux Screen](https://www.rackaid.com/blog/linux-screen-tutorial-and-how-to/) to run it in the background.

# To Do
- [x] Add proper tests.
- [ ] Condense all size restocks from the same shoe into one embed.
- [ ] Add Slack support?
- [ ] Add proxy support.

# License
Do whatever you want with this code lol

Commit message:

added unit tests and updated readme

README.md, after:

# nike snkrs monitor
This is a lightweight and easy to use script that monitors [nike snkrs](https://www.nike.com/launch/?s=in-stock) for new items and restocks by sizes and posts them to Discord.

# Installation
To use this script you must have [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).

Setup:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/jondekerh/nike-snkrs-monitor.git
$ cd nike-snkrs-monitor
$ npm install
```
After installing dependencies you'll need to rename the `RENAME-discord-info.json` file to just `discord-info.json`. This can be done by typing `mv RENAME-discord-info.json discord-info.json` into the terminal. From there, edit the file and replace the placeholder values with your webhook's ID and token. If you don't know how to get those values you can learn more [here](https://github.com/Akizo96/de.isekaidev.discord.wbbBridge/wiki/How-to-get-Webhook-ID-&-Token).

Running:
```
$ node monitor.js
```
That's all you need to type. By default it will scan for changes every 5 minutes. This can be changed by editing the value of refreshDelay, found on line 12 of monitor.js. I recommend using [Linux Screen](https://www.rackaid.com/blog/linux-screen-tutorial-and-how-to/) to run it in the background.

Testing:
```
$ npm test
```
Running the tests will also start the script after they are complete.

# To Do
- [x] Add proper tests.
- [ ] Condense all size restocks from the same shoe into one embed.
- [ ] Add Slack support?
- [ ] Add proxy support.

# License
Do whatever you want with this code lol
